# Assign the model parameters for unplayed games in this Premier League season.

This function takes the relevant parameters from the model and assigns
them to the approapriate teams in each remaining game of the season.

## Usage

``` r
run_simulations(
  results_thisSeason,
  number_seasons = 0L,
  lookback_rounds = 19L,
  number_simulations = 25000L,
  value_seed = 120519L
)
```

## Arguments

- results_thisSeason:

  These are the results generated by running `get_openData` on the
  current season, such as at
  'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openfootball/football.json/refs/heads/master/2024-25/en.1.json'.
  The data should have the following columns and names:

  number_match

  :   The id values of the matches in the dataset as a character,
      typically from "001"

  number_match_integer

  :   the integer equivalent of the characters in `number_match`

  matchday

  :   The date of the match in yyyy-mm-dd format

  homeTeam

  :   The `shortName` of the home team, consistent with the data in the
      `teams` table

  awayTeam

  :   The `shortName` of the away team, consistent with the data in the
      `teams` table

  FTHG

  :   The integer number of goals scored in the whole match by the home
      team

  FTAG

  :   The integer number of goals scored in the whole match by the away
      team

  FTR

  :   The result of the match, as a factor of three levels ... where
      'H', 'D' and 'A' represent a home win, a draw and an away win,
      respectively

  played

  :   A logical to show if the game has yet been played

  year_end

  :   The four figure integer value of the year in which the season ends

- number_seasons:

  This is the integer required for the number of previous seasons to
  include. It defaults to zero.

- lookback_rounds:

  This is the integer number of rounds of fixtures to use in a model (so
  38L would represent a whole season). Defaults to half a season (that
  is, 19L).

- number_simulations:

  This is the integer number of simulations to use for each game in the
  remaining season. Defaults to 25000L.

- value_seed:

  This is the integer seed to use for the random numbers in the
  simulation. Defaults to 120519L (which, IMHO, was a great footballing
  day).

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
run_simulations(
  results_thisSeason = example_thisSeason,
  number_seasons = 1L,
  lookback_rounds = 78L,
  number_simulations = 25000L,
  value_seed = 120519L
  )
  } # }
```
